Update installation instructions for v5 (#301)
pester/docs: docs/introduction/installation.mdx

## Compatibility

Pester is a cross-platform module that runs on Windows, Linux, MacOS and anywhere else supported by PowerShell. It is tested and compatible with:
- Windows PowerShell 3.0 - 5.1
- PowerShell 6.0.4 and above

## Installing from PSGallery

### Linux & MacOS

From a PowerShell session run:

```powershell
# For all users

> Install-Module -Name Pester

Reviewer: CurentUser scope is (largely) the default nowadays. Maybe change this to say # Install to default location ? and then optionally show how to install for all users or current user, or maybe just link to official doc, we don't need to repeat that here.

from [doc](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/powershell/module/powershellget/install-module?view=powershellget-3.x): When no Scope is defined, the default is set based on the PowerShellGet version.

In PowerShellGet 1.x versions, the default is AllUsers, which requires elevation for install.
For PowerShellGet versions 2.0.0 and above in PowerShell 6 or higher:
The default is CurrentUser, which doesn't require elevation for install.
If you are running in an elevated session, the default is AllUsers.

Author: Thanks for the quick review! 🙂
Better in the latest commit?

# For current user only
Install-Module -Name Pester -Scope CurrentUser
```

To update:

```powershell
Update-Module -Name Pester
```

### Windows

Windows 10 / Windows Server 2016 and later ships with Pester version 3.4.0. This built-in version cannot be updated using the simple `Update-Module` cmdlet.
Instead you need to perform a side-by-side installation to get started with the latest version of Pester.

The built-in version is signed by Microsoft while newer versions are community-maintained and signed with a different certificate,
causing `Install-Module` to sometimes throw a error requiring us to accept the new publisher certificate.

Run the command below to install the latest version:
```powershell
# -Force to install side-by-side

> # -SkipPublisherCheck to accept the newer certificate

Author: Publisher check error was PowerShellGet 1.6.5 shipped in PowerShell 6.1 and later.
Still including the `-SkipPublisherCheck` switch as all versions of Windows ship with an older PowerShellGet 1.0.0.1 version for Windows PowerShell.

> # -SkipPublisherCheck to accept the newer certificate

Author: Not required using PowerShellGet 1.6.5 which shipped with PowerShell 6.1.

Still including this as all versions of Windows ship with an older PowerShellGet 1.0.0.1 version for Windows PowerShell.

Reviewer: 👍

# Install latest Pester
Install-Module -Name Pester -Force
```
:::

### Common errors

#### TLS error while connecting to PSGallery
If you receive the following warning when trying to install the module, you may need to explicitly enable TLS 1.2.

```powershell
WARNING: Unable to resolve package source 'https://www.powershellgallery.com/api/v2'.

# Enable TLS 1.2 for the current PowerShell instance using the line below and try again
[System.Net.ServicePointManager]::SecurityProtocol = [System.Net.ServicePointManager]::SecurityProtocol -bor [System.Net.SecurityProtocolType]::Tls12
```

#### Command `Install-Module` is not found

Older versions of Windows running Windows PowerShell 3.0 or 4.0 do not have a built-in package manager. You can install `PowerShellGet` using the [instructions here](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/powershell/scripting/gallery/installing-psget#for-computers-running-powershell-30-or-powershell-40). After completing the steps, start a new PowerShell session and retry [the module installation](#installing-from-psgallery).

Alternatively, you can install the module manually using the instructions below.

## Installing manually

> You don't have to use a package manager to install Pester. Another option is to download and installating it manually which can be useful in e.g. offline envionments.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You don't have to use a package manager to install Pester. Another option is to download and installing it manually which can be useful in e.g. offline environments.
```
